feat: add auto generated jobs (#87)
eduNEXT/drydock: README.rst

Reviewer: I've just noticed that this file is `.rst` but has some markdown formatting. Can we either transform to markdown or fix the current formatting?

Author: ok, i will fix it

ArgoCD Sync Waves Support
-----------------------

`Tutor filter <https://docs.tutor.edly.io/reference/api/hooks/filters.html>`_ **SYNC_WAVES_ORDER** was added to allow define `ArgoCD Sync Waves <https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/sync-waves/>`_ order and apply to the kubernetes resources through **get_sync_waves_for_resource** function.

We are defined by defult the following order:
- `All kubernetes resources` (except the ones that are defined in the next waves)
- `Initialization Jobs`
- `Upgrade Jobs`: When **DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM** is set, over the Sync Wave 50
- `CMS and LMS Deployments`: When **DRYDOCK_POD_LIFECYCLE** is active, over the Sync Wave 100
- `Debug Resources`: When **DRYDOCK_DEBUG** active, over the Sync Wave 100
- `Horizontal Pod Autoscalers`: When active, over the Sync Wave 150

Workaround to upgrade from Maple to Palm or later
-------------------------------------------------

.. note::

>     To upgrade to Quince version, you must first upgrade to MySQL 8.0. This is because the Quince version uses Django 3.2, which is not compatible with MySQL 5.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Quince uses Django 4.2 which only supports MySQL 8 or higher. You must upgrade your version of MySQL prior to performing the upgrade.
```
